people around his boxing glove shampoo
there are members of his aimlessly
bloated entourage known as Team Pacquiao
and his youngest child mean Elizabeth
like Grand Central Station in New York
Michael Cobbs as Manny's closest advisor
uns lived with him for more than six
years
we don't move security at airports I
don't know anybody to make an
international flight jumbo jet wait 30
minutes for us which I guess explains
why he is more than a little late for
our appointment picks our cookie house
story is the stuff of fairy tales
abandoned by his father as a child he
grew up in the slums sometimes sleeping
on the streets at the age of 14 he began
toxic or new just
the most part is still the same person
and it remembers is this heart is so big
that we that's just anybody can
everybody success is not confined to the
wing while his singing voice is limited
as to develop his acting skills may be
lacking he's been in seven movies and a
sitcom appropriately-named shows me the
money him then there were the
endorsements the pack my convenience
store
he even has a bottled water business Pac
Man h2o he's worth tens of millions of
dollars which is perhaps why he doesn't
feel the need to be punctual for Pet
half an hour later he emerges and then
he's off again a few words for local
reporters more slipping out the gate in
his armored Hummer convoy for jeeps
surrounding us so we're speeding through
the city we're desperate
try to clop with Maddie's car we have no
idea where we're going I'm starting to
feel like the paparazzi we ended up at a
basketball court
miss Thompson signed autographs before
getting stuck into a four-hour game
then it's on to a dinner being thrown by
the mayor followed by a closed meeting
with campaign advisers and then at 12:30
a.m. after 16 long hours finally get our
interview for a politician he is
certainly a man of few words why are you
running for Congress I'm running for
Congress because I want to he is deeply
pious everything that I had right now
whatever happened and ridiculously
modest and you think you're the best
fighter in the world people is seeing
that are serious this time to his bar he
plays billiards into the early hours of
the morning
boxing basketball videos and politics
Manny Pacquiao plays to win
and Manny Pacquiao did win the election
in the Philippines reigniting
speculation about when and if he'll
returned to boxing out thanks to the
Clarissa Ward nor we come back the
United Kingdom belatedly hasn't